OSDOCS-2174: MetalLB glossary entry (#34635)
openshift/openshift-docs: contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc

== M

''''
=== MetalLB

Usage: MetalLB, MetalLB Operator, MetalLB project

MetalLB is an open source project that provides a way to add services of type `LoadBalancer` to clusters that are not installed on infrastructure from a cloud provider.

> The primarily targeted infrastructure is on-premise, bare-metal clusters, but any infrastructure that does not include a native load-balancing capability is a candidate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MetalLB primarily targets on-premise, bare-metal clusters, but any infrastructure that does not include a native load-balancing capability is a candidate.
```

> "MetalLB" is always capitalized as shown in general text.

Reviewer: Thinking of alternative ways to phrase this so that it's explicit: 

- `"MetalLB" always has the first letter and last two letters capitalized in normal text.`
- `In normal text, always capitalize "MetalLB" in its stylized form. Do not write "metallb," "metalLB," or "Metallb."`
